When I’m at home, for example, peeling cucumbers — especially cucumbers, because they’re soft —
the problem is that you can’t really feel your strength.
I can do it, but sometimes I crush them.
So with this, after a while, I’ll get feedback through vibration and I’ll be able to stop.
I think that could be very beneficial in the long term.
Peeling, picking up an apple — because sometimes you hold an apple in the palm of your hand and squeeze it, but you don’t feel it —
so you squeeze harder than you should.
The same goes for picking up a plastic bottle, for example, to avoid crushing it.
But yes, at home, for daily activities, yes.
If I were offered to change my prosthesis and it had that feature, I wouldn’t say no.